add RMapContextProvider (#4)
lhapaipai/maplibre-react-components: docs/src/app/(with-menu)/hooks/usemapmanager/page.mdx

function ChildComponent() {
  // This component is inside RMap
  // your mapManager instance is always available
  const mapManager: MapManager = useMapManager();

  return null;
}

export default function App() {
  return (
    <RMap>
      <ChildComponent />
    </RMap>
  );
}

```

<Flash color="yellow">
If you use `useMapManager` inside `<RMap />` and you're using TypeScript it is better not to specify an `id` because 
you will not have to handle the `null` case. But keep in mind that this is just for TypeScript because useMapManager is 
**always** available when you are in `<RMap />`.
</Flash>

## Usage outside RMap

If you want to access your map instance outside of RMap you must wrap your application in 
a `<RMapContextProvider />` component. Moreover you must give an `id` to `<RMap />` and 
provide this same `id` to `useMapManager`.

<Flash color="orange">
This might seem useless if your application contains only one map instance but this precaution allows TypeScript to return the correct type.
</Flash>

```tsx
import { RMapContextProvider, RMap, useMapManager, type MapManager } from "maplibre-react-components";

function ChildComponent() {

>   // This component contain <RMap /> or <RMap /> is a child of this component
>   // your MapLibre map instance is not always available
>   // you need to provide your <RMap /> id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // If you use `useMapManager` outside <RMap /> you need to provide the
  // `<RMap>`-id, since the MapLibre map instance is not always available.
```

  const mapManager: MapManager | null = useMapManager("my-map");

  return (
    <div>
      <div>mapManager is {mapManager !== null ? "available": "not available"}</div>
      <RMap id="my-map"></RMap>
    </div>
  );}

export default function App() {
  return (
    <RMapContextProvider>
      <ChildComponent />
    </RMapContextProvider>
  );
}

```

## Reference

```ts
import { type MapManager } from "maplibre-react-components";

> // use inside <RMap />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// when used inside <RMap />
```

export function useMapManager(): MapManager;

> // use outside <RMap />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// when used outside <RMap />
```
